So we created our form.
Let's now synchronize a to age female code for this.
First of all that's very important.
We need to add something to the app module in the important array.
We now not only need deforms Marchal will also need the reactive forms module which needs to be imported
from at angler foreigns overwise synchronizing with our age.
Similar code will fail because we don't have access to the directives we need for that.
So therefore what I'll do is go to my recipe edit component HMO file and now I want to connect my form.
Let's start on the overall form element here.
We have the form group directive which we should use with square brackets because we need to pass some
data to that directive.
Why are property binding and that data is our recipe form.
So let's quickly assign this now Bertelli angler's that our overall form is managed by us.
And that anger itself should not manage it.
Instead it should take our form.
With this we can now assign our own controls.
So let's simply go to it first and put the name here and there we have the form control name directive.
Now we could enclose it in square brackets and then use single quotation marks but we need double quotation
marks or we omit both ends of the justis syntax and note a name here of course has to match the name.
We set up here.
So here we chose a name.
We should choose the same N-th our code now will copy this.
Also for the image you are here I chose image path as a name.
So let's make sure to use this.
And of course description for our text area here here.
I also will add the form group name directive and assign description now to be able to see something.
I'll also set up DNG submit listener and listen to on submit.
Now here of course I don't need to pass the form as an argument.
Instead I can simply add d on submit Meffert here.
And for now simply log my recipe for to the console.
Let's see if everything works as it should.
So once this has recompiled I'll head over to the forum and this looks OK.
It almost works as expected.
The name was pre-populated for de-selected recipe and it does update.
If we change this to big Fatburger the description is not displayed though.
So that is not how I want it to behave.
As a side note on a new recipe it correctly sets this to an empty form so that is OK but would be nice
if the description is displayed too.
If I submit the form but have a look at the value description.
Actually it says what else you need to say.
So what could be wrong about the description then.
Well if we have a look at the text area I simply assigned the wrong directive.
It should be a form control name with the same place if it reloads.
Does looks much better.
So with that de-centralized sation is working.
The next step is to get our ingredients to work correctly and that actually will involve a couple of
steps because we need to manage just array of ingredients for that